hey guys what is up
it's Duncan and today I've got an
in-depth review on a really really great
application the Sims 3 yeah I know there
are already lots of other reviews on it
so feel free to skip this if you like
before I begin let me give a quick shout
out to Lake e64 he just started a couple
weeks ago he's doing a really great job
so far he's already done a really nice
review on the Sims 3 as well so you
might want to go check that out
as always if you like what he's doing be
sure to subscribe anyway let's get this
one started
The Sims is the biggest selling computer
game in history selling over 16 million
copies since the release of the first
sim in 2000 now with the release of sims
3 for the iPhone and iPod Touch the
entire great Sims experience is now
available right in your pocket between
the great graphics the fluid gameplay
that has made the Sims such a phenomenal
success and the quirky fun style of the
game The Sims 3 is really a great app
when you begin the game you agreed with
the very nice customization screen in
the sims you really can't customize your
sim quite a bit issues everything from
skin colour to hair to a decent variety
of different clothes including shirts
pants shoes and more in general you
would likely be able to make just about
any sim you want although I will know
that you really can't change the body
type of the sim from here however the
game gets really fun after you customize
and name your sim then you get
customized personality well there aren't
as many choices that is in the PC
version there really isn't a big deal
you begin with by picking a general
personality such as jack-of-all-trades
jerk nice guy sleaze and a couple more
from there you go farther and depth and
pick more than five personality you pick
five personality traits to cover
everything from how good of a sense of
humor to the sim as if the sim is
neurotic which is a lot of fun all in
all it's it's it's pretty cool easy to
make you to customize your Sam and you
you really can't get a quite a unique
sim once your sim is fully customized
then you can begin your sin begins in a
small house with a few furnishings you
can go through a quick tutorial that
will explain the general dynamics of the
game and I probably would recommend that
if you're new to the Sims if you aren't
familiar with the Sims it's quite simple
your sim is basically just like a real
person with real needs well including
everything from Nimes bathroom to taking
showers to eating wanting to have fun
having a social life being rest
it's it's really it's really pretty cool
immediately your sins traits will be a
parent and they influence all sorts of
aspects such as how long the sim needs
to sleep or if they want to be really
social not two things more maybe little
harder to knows maybe like they when
they try to make jokes they bomb and and
and it just it just it's just different
you will find that almost all sims are
going to be unique which really makes
the game just a lot more fun you can do
all sorts of things inside your house
such as watching TV reading books
cooking meals listening to stereos and
more you can also totally customize your
house by moving all the furniture around
all you like as well as selling and
eventually upgrading to better and
better stuff the same goes for your
house as you move along in the game get
more money you can actually improve your
house upgrade it make it bigger you have
more rooms in all kinds of all kinds of
a cool stuff I will say that some of the
cool items in your house such as stereos
and bookshelves and like your stove will
need to be purchased unlike in previous
Sims games you only start off with a
very small amount of money almost making
you go get a job well you can easily
spend a lot of time in your house that's
only just a small portion of the game
you can head out into the decently sized
town which is where the fun really
begins there are quite a few buildings
all of which you can enter or buy things
from in the case of stores of the stores
and restaurant anyone in town has a
house and you're afraid to go over and
meet them when you interact with other
Sims you can do all kinds of things you
can greet them joke around be romantic
chat and much more you can get you can
be friends with someone make them
enemies or start dating and eventually
if you want try and get married it goes
deeper than that though you can go into
inside anyone's house and do whatever
you want such as taking showers or just
going to sleep this is especially
hilarious when you walk into a
stranger's house just greet them and go
start using those stuff such as jumping
in the shower it definitely is a lot of
fun
well you can go eat at your friend's
friends houses and mess around all day
it's much more fun when you actually get
a job for yourself there are several
places around town to get a job she's a
laboratory a restaurant and kwikmart
among several others at first you will
usually work most of the day but you can
get promotions and start making more
money while working fewer hours it can
help if you get to know your boss by
meeting them and getting to know them
but be careful if you don't impress them
or bore them then they can actually make
you work extra days or even fire you if
you offend them the sims 3 is a really
complex game with all kinds of announced
I haven't even scratched the surface
within this review it is quite pricey at
$10 but considering that the same game
would probably be $30 or more on another
console such as the D S or PSP it makes
it feel much better there are some
glitches in the game I will let you guys
know there are some glitches and you
will notice the very occasional lag but
I would definitely recommend restarting
your device when you first begin I mean
yeah it'll take 30 seconds but it really
does make a difference because you don't
want your you don't want your sim you're
in the middle of it you don't want to
miss it and it does it does you do it's
really simple to save so I mean but I
would go ahead because you don't want
lag and glitches and all that kind of
stuff now while I really enjoyed this
game and I think it's a really great
great app it's up to you guys really
it's not for everyone I will say that
and there are some other really good
apps that you could also buy for the
same money if you do get the game you
likely will not be disappointed hey guys
be sure to go check out xergiok calm
we've got all kinds of iPhone and iTouch
news jailbreak tutorials and lots of
really good app reviews edition be sure
to follow me on Twitter twitter.com
slash blazing dreams thanks for watching